custom tactical com on the knife i'm
reviewing today is the spot achill
pollywog g10 this knife retails at 185
but as with all spyder codes you can get
for a little less when you actually buy
it online or from a brick-and-mortar
store blade length of this one is 2 and
5 16 pretty small blade as you can see
it's got a funny shape it's a Eric
Lassard design the sea from Eric's
signature there can get it to show on
the light ball bearing lock one of the
neat things about this knife is is
actually the short travel from from
closed to open which I noticed right
right away it it takes almost like no
time for and you can open it with that
little hump there too just takes almost
no time to open because because the
closed and open position isn't isn't
actually like 180 degrees it's a bit
shorter than that i'm not sure how much
it is but you can tell immediately on
opening event it just it travels very
very little distance to go from a closed
and open position and it has a great
feel if you're holding it like this and
choking up on it or if you're you know
doing some work where you want to index
the top of it it's actually quite nice I
think having Erika puts a lot of work
into making Pink Moon lives have a great
ergonomics eel to them and almost an
intentional functional ugliness of them
which the Polliwog has in spades sort of
a funky bringing double lumpy sort of
thing going on in the back here the
Polliwog also came in a stainless
version both are now discontinued I
picked this up along with a Howard vla
designed spyderco phoenix from my local
store with warriors and wonders so as a
package deal of discontinuous 5e so I
thought it was a pretty good deal so I
snap them up g10 handles very light on
this one about the whole knife only
weighs 2.5 ounces which is pretty good
it's uh no whiners on the back here it
just has the stainless steel ball
bearing lock mechanism which
sort of surrounds the lock with
stainless steel them to make sure you
get a good good fit here it's a nice
lock actually quit quite like it quite
like the ball bearing lock spyderco is
improved it in the in recent years um
phone when it first came out and it's
gotten better and better the ball is a
lot bigger now easier to use and spin so
that it doesn't wear out and you want to
space kind of handy and that that
opening system here is kind of kind of
handy if you can't open it from here for
whatever reason you can do it this way
you can push it up against jeans
sometimes and catch it on my finger it's
a bit harder but you can use friction
there to pop it open if you if you can't
get your finger into the hole so it's
kind of a neat thing they're made in
fakie City Japan vg10 steel is mostly
qcity ones are it's got a spear point a
little bit reminiscent of the spectacle
native with a little hollow grind there
because of the short crime it's it's not
the thinnest blade blade itself is
one-eighth of an inch so with the two
and five sixteenth blade length and
actual cutting edge is less than less
than two inches since the large portion
of the latest is toil but I mean all
those things aside it is it is a small
knife but it cuts pretty big because you
can get you can get a lot of leverage on
it and will cut through stuff if you
need to it's not going to feel like a
Swiss Army knife it's got a that's got
like that to a half inch blade even
though this one is less than two inches
the spyderco salsa and many other
spyderco big little knife designs are
quite good at being bigger than they
look pollywogs one of those as well
excuse me pocket clip is reversible not
uh not not only only from left to right
hand carry for a tip up only it doesn't
reverse the tip down even though there's
a pivot there I wondered if they would
if they may be considered putting making
it so that you can put the pocket there
since the pivot screw looks to be the
same as the
true but perhaps they didn't want you
removing the pivot screw just so you can
move the pocket clip or something like
that so it may be it affects the way it
just great fit and finish on the
Polliwog no play whatsoever and still
very smooth opening and closing I really
like the ball bearing la come in aside
from the fact that it's slightly harder
to close in the access lock the fit in
and and an action of the ball bearing
locks in my opinion is superior to to
that of the access lock the access lock
does it does make it easier for you to
close because it just scripts a little
bit better than the ball does in my
opinion at least I know I know others
have different opinions so that's just
how I feel about them but from virtually
every other virtually every other a
standpoint I think it's it's a superior
lock maybe doesn't look quite as quite
as nice as the access lock but it's
easier to clean and is basically the
same type of mechanism so yeah hope you
guys enjoyed the review of the spyderco
pollywog room g10 right